Java Marine API readme
Version @VERSION@ pre-alpha (build @BUILD_ID@)
<http://marineapi.sourceforge.net/>
Copyright (C) 2010 Kimmo Tuukkanen <ktuukkan@users.sourceforge.net>

Java Marine API is an NMEA 0183 library that enables easy access to data
provided by marine instruments such as GPS, sonar or autopilot.

SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
 
 * Java JRE/JDK 1.5 or later
 
LICENSING

Java Marine API is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

Java Marine API is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License
for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License
along with Java Marine API. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

SOURCE CODE

The source code for Java Marine API is freely available in project's SVN
repository. See project page at SourceForge.net to obtain a working copy and
more instructions.

NOTICE

Java Marine API is not official NMEA software or related to National Marine
Electronics Association <http://www.nmea.org/>. The interpretation of NMEA
sentences for this library is based entirely on freely available resources in
the internet. Thus, it is NOT guaranteed that the library would conform and
follow the standard accurately.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

The NMEA information for Java Marine API has been collected mainly from the
following resources (in random order, availability checked on 2010-12-02):

 * Wikipedia's NMEA article
   <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NMEA>
 
 * NMEA Sentence Information by Glenn Baddeley
   <http://home.mira.net/~gnb/gps/nmea.html>
 
 * NMEA Data by Dale DePriest
   <http://www.gpsinformation.org/dale/nmea.htm>
 
 * The NMEA FAQ by Peter Bennett
   <http://vancouver-webpages.com/peter/nmeafaq.txt>
 
 * NMEA Revealed by Eric S. Raymond
   <http://gpsd.berlios.de/NMEA.txt>

Thanks to all above authors for providing the information. All disclaimers and 
warnings concerning the accuracy of information in the above documents apply
equally to Java Marine API. Upon noticing or suspecting any errors, please
contact the project author <ktuukkan@users.sourceforge.net>.
